Future actions (#167)
moov-io/ach-test-harness: README.md

  traceNumber: <string>    # Exact match of TraceNumber
  entryType: <string>      # Checks TransactionCode. Accepted values: credit, debit or prenote.
action:
  # How long into the future should we wait before making the correction/return available?
  delay: <duration>

  # Copy the EntryDetail to another directory
  copy:

>     path: <string> # Filepath on the FTP server

Reviewer: I thought we wanted a `future:` section to perform a different action after `delay` elapsed?

Author: ya, i was playing with the "future" and the "action" and this might be the easiest way to combine them. "delay" is optional here, and the rest is the same. we can add in a validation that makes sure there isn't both a "delay" and a "copy" action.

Reviewer: ![Screenshot 2023-07-31 at 2 24 37 PM](https://github.com/moov-io/ach-test-harness/assets/120951/7387d60b-c415-4e21-b7c7-e2a3e42ce094)

In order to copy and return files we would need to match an action AND to match a future. Right now we only apply the first matching action, so a future would need to attached. 

```yaml
match: 
  amount:
    value: 5508
action:
  copy: 
    path: "/reconciliation/"
future:
  return:
    code: "R08"  
```

Author: ugh. you're right.

  routingNumber: <string>  # Exact match of ABA routing number (RDFIIdentification and CheckDigit)
  traceNumber: <string>    # Exact match of TraceNumber
  entryType: <string>      # Checks TransactionCode. Accepted values: credit, debit or prenote.
# at most, one `copy` action and one other action will be returned
action:
  # How long into the future should we wait before making the correction/return available?
  delay: <duration>

  # Copy the EntryDetail to another directory (not valid with a delay)

>   copy:

Author: good idea

  routingNumber: <string>  # Exact match of ABA routing number (RDFIIdentification and CheckDigit)
  traceNumber: <string>    # Exact match of TraceNumber
  entryType: <string>      # Checks TransactionCode. Accepted values: credit, debit or prenote.

> # Matching will find at most 2 Actions: 1 Copy Action and 1 Return/Correction Action.
> # If the Return/Correction Action as no Delay, the Copy Action will be excluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Matching will find at most 2 Actions in the config file order. One Copy and One Return/Correction Action. 
# Both actions will be executed if the Return/Correction Action has a delay.
```

# Valid combinations include:
#  1. Copy
#  2. Return/Correction w/ Delay
#  3. Return/Correction w/o Delay
#  4. Copy and Return/Correction w/ Delay
#  5. Nothing
# Invalid combinations are:
#  1. Copy + Return/Correction w/o Delay

> #  2. Copy w/ Delay (validated when reading configuration)

Reviewer: We have many non-native english speakers using our OSS projects, so I try to avoid contractions and abbreviations. They often do not translate well.
